Docmentation update (#956)
pyxem/pyxem: doc/intro.rst

=====================
pyxem's Documentation
=====================

> Pyxem is an open-source project working to bring together tools for the analysis of
> data from pixelated electron detectors. Based on the HyperSpy project, pyxem has an
> active community of users and developers who are working to develop new tools for
> 4-D, 5-D STEM and other pixelated electron detector data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pyxem is an open-source project working to bring together tools for the analysis of electron diffraction data, in
particular data acquired from pixelated electron detectors. With its roots in the HyperSpy community, pyxem has an
active community of users and developers who are working to provide advanced and state-of-the art tools for the
analysis of 4-D, 5-D STEM and other pixelated electron detector data.
```
